Sound copy - co-authored @bilhox @thomasgrgi (#3238)
pygame-community/pygame-ce: docs/reST/ref/mixer.rst

      .. ## Sound.get_raw ##

   .. method:: copy

      | :sl:`return a new Sound object that is a deep copy of this one`
      | :sg:`copy() -> Sound`

      Return a new Sound object that is a deep copy of this one. The new Sound will

>       be playable just like the original. If the copy fails, the method returns ``NULL``.

Reviewer: The end of the description isn't correct. The C-API function does indeed return NULL, but the python function would raise an exception (various in this case). (NULL doesn't actually exists in python). You should probably list the possible exceptions, but that's not an hard rule.
```suggestion
      be playable just like the original. If the copy fails a ``MemoryError`` or a :meth:`pygame.error` exception will be raised.
```
